All right, let's get started.
Good morning, evening, or wherever you
are. Good morning, family. It's almost
morning. We're going to go over some
things that we saw yesterday in prayer,
and we just want to give God all the
glory for what he does on this channel.
I told Diana while we
were talking today that we
have one of the largest prayer gatherings in the
world as far as
coming on and praying and having a
channel for prayer. We have one of the
largest, if not the largest, prayer
channels in the world, and
that is consistent.
People pray all the time, but isn't
Jesus wonderful for what he has done on
here? I just give all the glory to
Jesus. I said, 'Lord, that we would make
your name great.'Father,
I am
just telling
the people that
you're coming. It is exciting to see what
you're doing on this channel. But I want
to go over some things.
Braden, isn't it amazing that we had
Atlanta today on the news concerning the
airport?
Baby, could you read that?
'Terror
aboard Frontier flight as loaded gun
magazine is found near seat as it
prepared to depart Atlanta
airport.'I
said the Atlanta airport is
highlighted to me now. Is that what I
was shown?
No.
Is this a coincidence?
No. God works in
mysterious ways, they always say. But
what if that one incident of us praying
even last night causes them to
get—I
don't want to say fired, as
someone
might have lost their job over that—but
it
got enough attention
from the media to
say, 'Listen, you all need to be paying
attention even more so during this
Thanksgiving.'It
only takes a
few
people because people can become
laxadaisical
in their job after
doing something for so long. All it
takes is a little bit
to get their attention.
What if this was the attention
that was needed for them
to start doing their job more
effectively
to catch what we're praying about
regarding
Atlanta? I said, 'Lord, that
coincidence.'It
wasn't Miami; it wasn't New York; it
was Atlanta. Diana and the
staff were
like, 'We've got to go over
things; we've
got to talk about
this. We don't know how we missed this.
This is a big mishap, a gun ammo clip,
and all this stuff. We have
to
make
sure security is
tighter.'And
I thought, 'Isn't Jesus
wonderful?'I
know that he works,
and I see his hand in this. No
one was hurt
or
injured.
A gun clip is harmless without the
firearm,
but it's enough to raise awareness
to make them super
attentive to their jobs for this
Thanksgiving holiday season because
those employees, I guarantee you, will
be thinking, 'I don't want to get in trouble
or fired
if we let something like this
happen
again.'I
thought,
'Wow, Diana, that
cannot be a
coincidence.'So
I just give all the glory to God
for that.
One of the
major city airports the Lord
highlighted to me was Atlanta. He said, 'Pray over
Atlanta. This is a
hot
spot.'And
when it happened today, people were
saying, 'Braden, is this the hot spot?
Is this what you saw?'I'm like,
'No, it's much worse. What
the Lord showed me was a catastrophic
event.'But
God, prayer changes things.
I believe this is a result of prayer
working on our behalf already.
Don't put God in a box. You might
think they're
going to apprehend a guy
with a carry-on bag
and a SWAT team,
but
maybe,
just maybe, the heightened security
would thwart, as I said the word,
thwart
the bad guy from wanting to do
something even more so. We know
they got the budget passed today
in the
House, and now it's off to the
president's desk.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Another thing that
happened—I'm
not trying to attack the 50-year
mark. I wasn't attacking President Trump.
I'm
for President Trump. I pray for him probably more
than I've prayed for any president ever
before in my life. I have interceded for
this man
because I know what he has to get done
and
what the Lord has shown me about
his future and what he has
to accomplish concerning the end times
and the church. Could God use somebody
else? Yes, but he has somebody
that he can use right now.
Regarding
the 50-year mortgage, as much as my
opinion is—after I saw how much the
interest was—people say, 'Braden, it's
affordable and it makes it where I can
buy a house.'If that's your avenue and
this happens, this is what I saw:
a housing boom coming, a mortgage
boom,
a green arrow going up, and the houses
were transparent.
I
believe it could be because of the
timing.
I saw it
coming
around January
or
the first of the year.
Here we are at Thanksgiving,
and
we're talking about it. So for the
people who want a 50-year
mortgage, praise God. It's not
my business. Look at that
graph.
If that's what you're
believing God for, I'm believing that
you'll be debt-free. I'm believing God
that you'll owe no man anything but to
love him. I believe that the Bible says
that a seed produces after its own
kind. Whatsoever man soweth, that will
he also reap. I believe that you won't
have to have a 50-year mortgage, that
you'll be the lender unto many and you
shall not borrow.
That's just what I believe. But you have
to let
people
be where their faith is. If their
faith is at a 50-year mortgage,
you can't knock
them.
Everybody's been dealt a measure of
faith, but how you exercise
and
grow
it
is up to you every single day.
I'm
not knocking anybody
because I've been there.
But
looking at 50
years is a
long time. I don't even
know if I'll be alive; I had to do the
math.
Anyway,
going over the
vision—was
there
anything else you want to show
in the news, baby? Oh,
I want you to see
this
video my son found. This is General
Flynn. We met General
Flynn at Clay
Clark's
event.
I want to
show you what he says about what he
believes we're about to see.
I don't believe he watches my
channel,
but he is saying
what the spirit of God is
saying—what
I'm warning you about—regarding a major
attack against America. And to pray.
This is why we're here. So, I want you
to play this, Braden, a little bit
and let them hear what General Flynn
said. He's on the inside. He knows. He
hears the chatter—that's what I'm trying
to say. So, that was an amazing
interview, by the way. I would encourage
everybody—I
get into stuff
like that when Braden finds stuff
because whenever it's going along with
what the Lord has told me, I go, 'You
know, you don't want to be
flaky.'There's
so much of what the Lord shows
me on a consecutive basis that when
Braden finds me stuff like that, he
goes, 'Daddy, this will encourage you
that what the Lord is telling
you and what you're praying about all
the time in the car driving around and
praying in the house when I hear you
praying—Daddy,
other people are
saying this, and they're not in your prayer
chain. These are people that are in the
world.'And
I don't know if General
Flynn knows Jesus Christ or not. I pray
he does. But it's interesting when a man
of his caliber goes on Alex Jones and
warns the nation that he believes in 90
days. Was it 90 days?
No, he said 40 days. 39 days.
90. It was 90.
Okay.
Within 90 days.
Within 90 days
was the same time frame the Lord said,
all the way going into the 4th of July.
Praying into this time frame as I was
seeing, and people said, 'Brendon, did
you say many 9/11s?'I said, 'Many
with a
Y.'No,
small but many of them.
They're small but many is what I saw.
Like a bunch, but many, like small.
Does that make sense?
Many, many,
many. It was a play on words, I
guess. But many, many 9/11s.
This is where I saw a thousand men that
were operatives from a country,
not terrorists, an actual group of men
that were trained people that were here
and infiltrated. And that's why I tried
to—a
thousand of them. And I've said it:
10 cities.
10 cities over and over again. 100 men
per city
spread out into towns.
Two men per town. Some of those towns
were bigger; they had three.
And they spread the people out. And the
Lord said they even, as a flex, went
into Honolulu with three men.
And I saw three men specifically. And
you know what? I thought it was
interesting because, you know, we are
researchers. I always say
'we'—I
don't pull my toe—and it's Braden
and Diana who are researchers, and I
depend on them for so much. And
they said—who was it, you or Braden?—they said,
'I found the 41st
floor.'Who
lives on the 41st floor? There's
mama
404. He died in July
in the tower. He passed away in July.
The man that lived on the 41st floor
passed away in July. He's not even here
no more.
The 40th floor is occupied, but they won't
tell you. The 41st floor is for sale for
$10 million.
$10
million.
I thought that's kind of interesting. He
passed away in July, and he was
Brazilian and he was a con man from
what I've understood. Right. He got in
trouble.
I don't know.
He was indicted. Something
happened. I don't know. Don't quote me
on it. I'm not trying to defame anybody;
I just thought it was something that
he was in trouble with. But the 41st
floor is no longer, and it's 10 million
bucks, and that's the floor of the Lord.
So pay attention to the 41st
and 40th floor.
So they did research. Who's on the 40th
floor? What is it? Trump's on the 57th
from
what I understood. So he's on up,
because the
Lord said, 'Pay attention to his towers.
Pay attention to these
things.'So
why would it be an empty apartment
complex
that the Lord said to pay attention to?
I don't know. But I know I hear the Lord,
and I know he said specifically to pay
attention to that floor.
So we pay attention to that floor just
like he said, 'Pay attention to
Atlanta.'Pay
attention to these things that I
tell you, and you intercede. Now we're
going to go on. Amy Coney. Amy
Coney.
Yeah.
Coney
Barrett.
The Supreme Court. The Lord called her a
Caiaphas.
And he said Caiaphas—which I didn't
know what I'm telling y'all, sorry, but
I didn't know. I was like, 'What is
it?'So
we start... he was the one that
betrayed Jesus. He was the one that was
the head Pharisee that went after Jesus.
The head Pharisee.
High priest.
The high priest. So the Lord's saying that
the same type of shadow is... Trump,
Jesus? No, that's not what the Lord was
saying. He said, 'I saw deep anger
in her heart toward him.'And the Lord
God help me,
I can't say—I don't want
to say certain things again tonight. But
he said there was deep anger in her
heart because of things she knew that no
one else knew because of her position.
And that's whenever I try to say not
everybody always comes out squeaky clean
in life, right? They know the Epstein
files. They know a lot of things. I'm
sure they know a lot of things. And I'm
not saying Trump's in the Epstein
file—I'm
not going to get involved in all
that. But there's something there with
her heart, why she has turned so sour.
And the Lord said to me, 'Pray for her
heart.'Not
her physical heart, but her heart
toward the circumstances. She's bitter.
She's gotten angry. She knows something,
but there's something more there.
Her face changed.
Hardness set in. What is this? What does
she know that we don't know?
And I was praying over her to make
decisions for what we want in the
days ahead, that she would not
have a political opinion, that it would
be a constitutional opinion. You know,
we don't want any judge going with
Democrat or Republican. We want them to
go with what the Constitution says,
what the law of the land says, and make
good godly decisions concerning the
law. If they go with the
Republicans next time—if they're
Democrats, then they'll go—but we like
it when they're conservative because it
goes with what we believe, which
is that
the Bible is the law. We want them
going with the Word of God.
You know, let's go with what the Bible
says every time. But usually
conservatives do that. But
I was seeing that we need to pray
concerning the judges
going into 2026.
And the Lord said this will be all the
way through 2026, 2027,
and 2028.
We must pray for the judges. Not just
the big judges like them, but all the
other judges.
They'll really try to come against Trump
and the decisions he'll make in the days
ahead.
So, as I was praying over JD
Vance and what I heard,
the Lord said, 'You're seeing ahead of
time.
You're seeing in the future.
It has not happened
yet.'I
said, 'Watergate,
Watergate, what is
this?'So
I prayed into that all afternoon.
And I said, 'Lord,
what is the Watergate with JD Vance?
What is this?'And he said, 'Brandon,
I show you a glimpse of that which is to
come. Pray for this.
Pray.
We don't want another Watergate,
a modern-day
Watergate.'And
he said, 'Pray into this.'And I saw
key strategic people that were involved
in this.
And when it comes out, they say,
'I was forced to because of his
position.'Is
that a way to say it? 'I didn't
want to do it, but because of his
position,
I felt like I had to.
I did this
on
behalf of him, not wanting
to.'And
I saw the strategic man who has a
lot of influence with a lot of money
become a rat.
Not that that was ever supposed to take
place because what he did was wrong. But
the motive behind it was
pressure.
So we pray for the pressure.
We pray for why the man would ask the
other man to do this certain thing,
why these other things would try to take
place.
And the Lord said, 'You're looking into
the
not-too-distant
future.'And
I said, 'Can we stop this
then?'Of
course you can.
Of course you can. You were to pray. And
the infection that was the size of a
grapefruit that was right above his
side...
it was oozing out with
infection.
And the Lord said,
'Scandal,
scandal.'Remember?
And I saw a strategic knife
cutting it and letting the drainage out.
But because of what he was trying to do
with running for the President of the
United States of America in 2028,
I heard, 'Impeach, impeach,
impeach,'but
they didn't have enough votes to
impeach him,
to go after him even further, to do
all these things.
But it was enough to keep him out of
being what he was, what the presidency
and the things was. People didn't want
to touch it, right? I saw the
African-American man with chubby cheeks.
And the Secretary of State,
I saw these people running behind,
but the Lord said specifically,
"You're not paying attention to what you
need to be paying attention to, for
they're grooming a new Obama kind of a
person behind the closed doors.
They're grooming somebody and they
haven't come on the scene yet."I saw a
person that had great speaking ability,
and the Lord said they will be
demonically—I
don't want to call them possessed.
You know how you have an anointing by
the Spirit of God to do things?
We can lay hands on the sick and we see
them recover, but it's not you that does
it. It's the Holy Ghost in you, right?
There's a demonic anointing on people
to do certain things like
equipping.
Equipping, that's a good word. Thanks.
An equipping to get the job done by far leftist,
right-thinking. And
it
was a demonic anointing. I hate to use
"anointing"because
that's
not—I
don't like—how would that word be?
It's not anointing because that's what
we have. It's an ability. It's
a demonic
ability like Superman. I don't know what
else to say, y'all, because it's definitely
anointing. We walk in anointing. It's a
demonic presence. An endowment. Is
that a good word?
Yeah. I
think—I
don't know—I'm not very good. I'm
trying. No. So you'll get my
point. But it made, like what you
would see
operating,
an operation of them—they were
empowered. They were demonically
empowered.
Yeah.
So there you go. You can edit all that
out. It makes me sound
like a weirdo. It's live,
but I'm doing the best I can with my
words. They were empowered. Thank you.
They were empowered by darkness.
And I saw this person being like an
Obama with their speech, and they were
luring you in similar to how music does
in the secular realm. And this person
was being groomed,
and the Lord said, "You're not paying
attention to the right thing."So, a
demonic empowerment,
an
influence
driven by it.
So I saw that,
and then
I saw moral scandal. And then I saw
Monica Lewinsky.
I saw
Marilyn Monroe.
I heard the word JFK.
I heard JFK,
Marilyn Monroe, and then I heard Monica
Lewinsky. And then I heard another
scandal.
And that's what I was praying over again
today. And people say, "Brandon,
these are things that we can avert
and we can stop as the body of Christ, to
pray into these
things."So,
yeah, the Lord said, "Leave it there.
Don't go anymore."So that's what
we're going to do. So that's what we're
going to pray over. And we'll pray over
the nation. We pray over the covering
over this nation. And
regardless of whoever are the people that
are involved in this that the Lord is
trying to protect, we pray over who
God wants in power, and regardless of
people messing it up through their
flesh, right?
We want the right person to get
the job done. Now,
as I was seeing the budget be
passed, I saw a plane take off,
and the Lord said, "Today's the day of
the beginning of the turnaround.
Pray into
that."Now,
this is what I saw: I saw the plane
taking off. And I was at Oral Roberts
University.
We were driving over there today, and I
was driving down the hill going to ORU,
and I saw the airport by ORU, and I saw
the plane taking off, and the Lord said,
"This is the beginning of a
turnaround."As
I was watching the
clouds, I saw this, and I said, "This
is the beginning of a turnaround. Pray
into that for the nation."And that was
why the cruise ship was behind you,
because I told Braden, "This is the
beginning of the turn."But see, a boat
takes a long time to turn around. It
doesn't happen all at once. A plane can
really put some G-force and really
change things really fast. But that big
boat behind me, it takes a little bit.
You see that boat? I'll get down there;
you can see that boat. That boat takes a
little bit.
And the Lord said, "Start praying into
that. America's
in trouble, y'all.
And I know a lot of people say you're
not going to experience all this. And,
you know, I understand why you say it,
because you say it out of fear. A lot of
times, and you're in faith, you say, but
a lot of it's based out of a seed of
fear—worried
about the plague, worried
about things. You're elderly, a lot
of you, and you don't want to die from a
plague. I didn't say we would if you use
the scripture. Well, I believe it never
will happen. Well, you're standing
against the Word.
Matthew 24 said it would. Jesus said it
would. It came right out of His own
mouth. He warned us that we would see
these things. And we're not going to
contradict what God
Himself, Jesus in the flesh, said we
were going to experience: wars. These are
the signs, because the disciples asked
Him, "What are the signs of Your coming,
Master?"Well,
let me tell you, there'll be wars
and rumors of wars. There'll be plagues
and pestilences. There'll be earthquakes
in
diverse places. But—I don't
want to misquote it—"Fear not,
but this is the beginning of
sorrows."And
He warned us that this stuff
was going to take place.
So we've had, He said, plural, more than
one plague. He didn't say one, "We're going
to have
COVID."It's
not what He said. You'll have
earthquakes. You'll have wars and rumors
of wars.
You'll have plagues. You'll have
pestilences. You'll have these things.
He didn't say one.
So what does that tell you? If we are
in the beginning of sorrows, if we
really are there, we're going to see
these things.
So what does that mean for the body of
Christ? That means you need to know who
you are. Either
you have a backbone like a crowbar or you
don't.
And that's why the Lord
said, "Rally the troops, wake people up.
Call them. Call to prayer. Be
consistent. Be instant in season and out
of season. Pray. I need you to be
serious about this and do this for
me."And
I've done it; I'm doing the best I can.
And I tell you what the Lord tells
us to say. So then the other part was
praying over what I saw concerning
Israel.
I saw,
pretty much you would know who it was,
Bibi.
And I saw Gantz come back. Everybody
thought I was talking about Bill
Clinton—or,
not Bill Clinton, George
Bush—or
any of these others, or Obama coming
back. I'm not talking about America. I
was talking about Israel, and the Lord
showed me that the one man would be
taken out and the other one put back in.
And I heard a word,
and when I heard the word, I didn't know
what I was hearing. And when I said it, I
wish I never would have said it
because I was like, "Oh my God,
Brandon, pull those words
back."It's
not something you want to say on
live.
So those words don't exist on there
anymore.
So, you know, when you're seeing
these things and you're releasing things
so quickly, and then you find out
what it means when you talk to people of
intelligence, you go, "Oh, dear God,
I've got to pray."Okay, we should pray
more; this is very
serious. So
the Lord said he was like Saul.
The Lord said he was like Saul.
There were things that He had asked him
to do that he was disobedient in.
Saul was
disobedient by not killing all the kings
and doing what He had asked him to do.
He didn't obey, and he started talking to
soothsayers.
He started doing things that were very
bad, and he got possessed with a demonic
spirit. Think about that. He
opened the door.
But I saw a door open, and then I saw
that man removed.
And
the Lord said what's about
to happen will be an acceleration of the
end times.
I saw an acceleration of the end
times—third
temple. But this will be a
pressure
on the end times, an acceleration.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to
tell y'all?
And I know there's probably people
that really get ticked off about what I
just said, especially in my circle,
but that's what I saw.
It's not something that bothered me a
lot, but people said, "Brandon,
it's heavy what you say. You look like
you're really tired. Are you
going through something?"Have you ever
brought something like that on
the
internet to 150,000 or a million
people and told them something that
heavy when he has family, and said all
this that I'm seeing? I thank God he
did. I didn't say who the pastors were
that I saw. According to
1 Corinthians 5:5,
the Lord gave me that and said
this would begin.
He said, "I've given the year of
2025 of great grace going into this timeframe,
Brandon,"but
he said the cup of it
is full before Him
and He's
handing this over. It's not
me doing it, but it's going to be so that
they do not basically burn in hell
because of disobedience.
People said, "What about grace,
Brandon?
What about all this?"I'm not God. I'm
not here to judge anybody. I'm here to
tell you what I've heard. And the Lord
said, "To much is given, much is
required."With
great power comes great
responsibility. That's from Spider-Man,
but you can quote it for God,
too.
Do you understand?
The Lord said to me, "We're out of time,
Brandon. And they're not telling My
people that I'm coming, and I'm holding
them accountable for
it."A
great shaking will take place in the
church.
As I see all this stuff, it's
heavy. So, if I have a heavy
countenance, this is heavy because
I saw the men,
I know who they are, and I saw what was
going to happen. I know specific events
that will take place in each one of
their lives, and I was not allowed to
tell you all,
but I saw hard days for some folks. Some
of them I know, and it
would
make me weep.
I told Diana, "You know,
whenever He comes and talks to me and He
visits and He says these things to me
and I see it all, you carry it a little
bit
because you carry His heart."People are
stiff-necked
and God's got to get your attention
because your head is in the clouds and
you ignore Him. He's yelling as loud
as He can to the point where now you
just go, 'Well, you know, I'll do what I
want to do because I have a platform. I have
money. I have this and that.'But He
gave it all to you. It's all about
making His name great.
The money, the fame,
the platform—whatever you may
have—it
was all given to you by Him for His
glory.
But most took it as if it was them.
And that's what the Lord was saying to
me: "To much is given, much is
required."And
some will depart this earth,
but the younger ones won't.
They're going to go through a trial.
Some of them have huge platforms,
but they'll go through a trial.
Maybe their wife will go home.
But it was very
heavy—heavy
stuff that He gives me. I pray over
it and I say,
"Lord,"and
He said, "I'm not out of mercy. I'm out
of time.
We're out of time.
Jesus is coming."And there's a
generation that doesn't know. All these
young people, if I come
back, they're all going to hell. Do you
understand? There's a bunch of people
that do not know Me.
Millions, billions
do not know Me. And yet it's still
status quo: 30-minute sermon, offering,
rock and roll music, whatever. You
send people on their way, but there's no
urgency to tell them that My Son's
return
is at hand.
Maybe it's a
watered-down, poor
sermon, and that's the
megachurch.
The Lord told me,
"Those days are
done."And
He said,
"You'll see the manifestation of it even
more in
2026."Now,
when
I'm talking about the fine line and He
shows me all these things, you're going
to see the glory to the remnant, the
people that are awake. You're going to
see people start walking in miracles
like you wouldn't believe. It's going to
be a shaking. People are going to see it
and go, "What is going on?"And that's
what He said.
There
will
be people that walk in the
prophetic
that will have an overshadowing of Me
like the men of the Bible, and they will
speak things and they will appear before
their face
because it would be God inside
superimposed.
It was like an
overshadowing—whatever
you speak, your words come to
life, and they
will not return unto Me void, but they
will accomplish whereto I sent
them. The Lord said, "These words will
manifest. You will watch over your
words."So
I will overshadow the prophetic,
and true prophetic voices will rise up.
A lot of the chicanery and a
lot of stuff you see around is nonsense;
it will fade away. But a true
manifestation of the prophetic voice
will rise up with signs, wonders,
healings, demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory of God.
He said, "You will see prophetic
like you've never seen it in this
generation."Words
will be heavy.
Words will have great impact because
it's
God-inspired,
like an
overshadowing.
I don't know how else to explain it,
but He said this generation has
never seen this before.
Be watchful
over what you say.
They'll have
a mysteriousness
and be reclusive.
You'll be set apart. You won't be able
to go amongst the people like that.
You'll speak only
what I tell you to speak into these
crowds.
I thought it was interesting, some of the
faces I see that
will walk in this, because He gives me
certain ministers and He'll say, "There
are a lot of people right now,
Brandon,
that you don't even know who they are.
There are no
names."But
say only what the Spirit of the Lord
says.
I saw
words of knowledge giftings
like we've never seen before.
People
walking in words of knowledge.
A lot of people were
really drawn to William
Branham
before he got a little off
on the wrong track.
The Lord said
that's all the people knew
with William Branham. The Lord
showed me people walking in words of
knowledge and addresses, things like
that that we've never seen before in an
accuracy that we've only touched a
little bit of. But He
said it will all be about giving God
glory—to
attract and to deflect.
You're going to see supernatural
manifestation of the giftings of God
like we've never seen before:
words of knowledge and healings.
And it will be
mysterious. He's been speaking to me
about the mysteria.
It will be something like you've
never seen before. There
will
be people that just
look shiny,
but it's not about giving you glory;
it's about giving Him glory.
I saw words of knowledge and
creative miracles flowing, and the
prophetic flowing like we've
never
seen before, with healing
evangelists,
miracles, pastoral
giftings, and evangelical
teaching.
The five-fold ministry
being breathed upon for this last
generation.
It's almost like you plug into a
110 and then you get 220.
There's a big difference in power,
but both serve a
purpose.
Wait until you get the
220.
It'll make
your hair stand up.
We're about to
experience the glory like we've never
seen before. He said, "I'm bringing
in My harvesters, My closers, My great
influencers.
Get ready for things you've never seen
before. It will be church unusual, so that we make His
name great, not our own."That
we make his name great, not our
own.
You must remember this. That's
what he said to me. You must remember
this: it's to make my name great. He
said, and I said, 'Yes, Lord. I get it.
But we will see signs and wonders like
you wouldn't believe.'And the Lord
said, 'I want
you.'He's
bringing these people into position
right now.
He's bringing in the last, the closers,
the ones that are built for pressure.
But to the ones that have a platform
right now, 1 Corinthians 5:5, you'll see.
Because they didn't do
what
he wanted them to do, it became
about them. It wasn't about making his
name great; it was about making theirs.
And it became so much more that they get
distracted. And that's why he said, 'I
don't mind you having the money.
I don't mind you having a nice jet. I
don't mind you having a nice house.
Those things are fine as long as they don't have
you,
as long as it is not
a distraction.
It's a tool;
it's a tool for
ministry.'And
God doesn't want any of his people
looking busted. You represent him. If you
walk in a place and you look homely and
you don't look like you've taken a bath in
a week, and they look at you and go, 'You
represent—?'He
told me that's why,
regarding
my weight. I'm just being real; I'm
just real transparent, y'all. I have
nothing to hide from y'all, because if this
thing goes away tomorrow and they
come and say it's over, I'm going back
to what I've always done. You'll catch
me at a church somewhere sometime. But
this is not me;
I did this strictly because he asked me
to.
I'm telling you, it's a lot of pressure
making sure you say the right things
because you're in
front of so many people now watching you.
And me, Brandon, I just
like my personal life and my privacy.
I don't go around a lot of family;
I've
just been that way for a long
time.
I'm just me,
and this whole thing has been a real
trip for us—people seeing you in the
grocery store and all that. I just go,
'Hey, I don't mind shaking your hand and
being nice to you, but there are a lot of
times
I just like to get my food
and go home.'And it's interesting;
this whole thing's really interesting.
And I'm not complaining, I'm just being
real. And that's why he said
about my weight. I've had all these
dreams and he talks to me about
representing
him. God cares about how you
look.
God cares about how clean you look when
you represent him.
When you represent him,
you dress for the job. You dress for the
occasion.
Well, if that's all you have
and that's the best you look, he'll
provide for more. I'm telling you. But
I'm telling you, he even cares about how
much weight you have on you and how
you're
taking care of your body.
How many times he brings up gluttony in
the Bible? How many times he brings up
lust and all these other things
in the Bible? There are things that are
his pet peeves, I'm telling you. And
taking care of yourself—he talks about
being a glutton all the time. And I
start looking; he starts showing it to me
in these dreams and I go, 'Well, I'll be.
My people perish for a lack of
knowledge.'And
I start going, 'Well, if it means
that much to you,
you know, I want to represent you well.
I want to talk well.
When
my words come
out of my mouth, I don't want to sound
like some backwoods person who doesn't have
a lot of education.'And I
don't,
but I say what he tells me to say
and I do it the best I can and I keep my
heart right.
You know,
she has an education. She has a master's
degree. Brandon, he barely has a GED.
But thank God for a pretty wife this
smart.
I'm blessed. But I go, 'Thank
God.'And
thank God for a son that's very smart.
Between Braden and
Diana, they've got the brains over here. I
go, 'Hey you guys, I appreciate you
cutting me
slack.'But
all glory to Jesus.
Let's take communion. I've rambled here
long enough. Braden says it's been an
hour; it keeps me up to date. And the
other guy said, 'What are you doing
tapping like that?'That's me
saying that's time.
That's me trying to see how long I've been
rambling.
How many people are watching? I want to
know, did I scare them all
away?
If they're not here, I'm going home.
I'm going to go in there and sit in
front of
my TV and watch Kathryn Kuhlman or
something.
If they aren't interested, neither am I.
I'll
go watch Billy Burke for a little bit
and
feed myself.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for all that
you've done for me.
You've been so good to us, Father, and
I'm so thankful for your friendship.
I'm so thankful for all that you've
provided. I'm thankful, Father, for
these
people that are here—6,400
or
whatever.
I'm thankful, Father, for every single
one of these people. And they all have
needs. They don't want to waste their
time on here; they all
want a touch from Jesus.
And I know that, Father, you're no
respecter
of persons. And I'm asking
you, Father, to become real to every
single one of them. I'm asking you, just
as much as you've become real to me,
that you said, 'Those that seek me will
find me. Those that knock, the door will
be opened unto them.'And the things you
show me—the secret things, the hidden
things that I can't
even talk about on here. Father, I thank
you that you visit me.
I thank you, God. You could visit
anybody,
but Father, the eyes of the Lord
run to and fro throughout the whole
earth looking for a heart who's perfect
towards you.
And Lord, I don't always have the right
heart, I'm sure. But Father, I thank
you, Lord, that our hearts get
better and better every single day. That
you create in us a clean heart,
Father. That we're better in our
marriage, we're better with our
children, we're better as husbands and
fathers as we lead our family. And
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the
people that are on here tonight. They're
hungry. It's so late at night and
they're all on here. Father, there are
people that are just wanting to know
what's coming. Some of them are freaked
out, but some of them are desperate
because they just want a touch from
Jesus and they want something authentic.
They're tired of Christian
fakeness; they're looking for
authenticity.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
every single one of them, Father, find
what they're looking for.
That you touch them
like you've touched me. That you touch
them, Father, and they lack no good
thing. That their hearts are full of
faith and their eyes are full of hope.
Their minds,
Father, are looking towards you
because you're the author and the
finisher. That, Father, you're the
friend, you're the helper, you're
everything.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
become real to them.
You become real to them. And Father, I
thank you, Lord, that the bondage of
doubt and unbelief is broken off of
their life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they'll
become so desperate—so desperate that
you'll
be just like
air.
How bad do you want that next breath?
How bad do you want that drink of water
when you're outside in the heat?
How bad do you want food when you
haven't had it in a long time,
Father? That when we're so in pursuit of
you that we lose ourselves in it,
that we lose ourselves in trying to find
you. Father, you said those that seek
you
will find you.
And I thank you, Father,
that today is a day of a turnaround in
many of their lives.
That this isn't just another wafer and
another thing of juice;
it represents something.
That Jesus Christ is a healer. That
Jesus Christ paid the price for every
single one of us to walk in victory.
That the blood of Jesus reigns supreme
over every demonic principality, power,
spiritual wickedness in high places,
witchcraft, voodoo, whatever it may be.
Jesus paid the price and he's
defeated every single one of them.
Jesus did it. And it's by his blood we
are free.
Jesus paid the price for me.
No matter how many people try to curse
me, no matter how many people try to hex
me, Jesus paid the price for me to walk
in victory. And he gave me authority
over the devil. Father, I thank you,
Lord, that no weapon formed against us
is going to prosper. Every tongue
that rises against us, we condemn it; it
falls to the ground. It doesn't even bear
fruit because
you cannot
curse whom God has blessed. Jesus Christ
blessed
me.
A
curse without a cause cannot stand and
has
no cause because
of
the blood of Jesus.
I am washed in the blood of Jesus.
He is the accuser of the brethren,
but he can't accuse me because there's
nothing to accuse; it's all under the
blood.
Everything you've done wrong today, as you
take this,
is
under the blood. What can wash away my
sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus.
What can make me whole again? Nothing
but the blood of Jesus.
I'm so thankful, Father, for that blood
and
for your
healing. I thank you, Father, that we
walk in divine health and we take this
body in Jesus'name. We thank you,
Father, that what you bore in your body,
we need not bear in ours.
According to Galatians 3:13, Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law.
We take
this body right now in
Jesus'name.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? I just believe
it.
Father, we thank you for the
authority of the believer and
the
power in the blood.
We take the blood and we apply it to
our lives, our president,
our homes,
and
our finances,
so
that we lack no good thing. There's more
than enough in the account,
in
your finances,
and
in your job. You're
the top person at the job,
anointed in a way that the world
is not familiar with, all for the glory
of God.
We make much of the
blood and apply it to our lives right now.
We
thank you, Lord, for all that you've
done for us in
Jesus'name.
We confess our sins; it's
all under the blood. I
have
my Rose of Sharon oil that
Billy Burke got me
for
Christmas last year. I anoint my head; you
should
too. I won't put a lot
on you because it will run down your
face; I
know better
now.
Father, I cover my mind
and
my spiritual
eyes so that I have eyes to see what the
Spirit shows me,
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood right now in Jesus'name.
Father,
we thank you
for
showing
us that which is to come,
as
we
look
through the veil.
Now
we take the
water.
I'll
pray
with you just a little bit longer,
about 25 minutes.
I'm trying to come on earlier for you
folks,
but we'll get
better at it; there is
a lot
going on right now. Father, we
thank you. Many
of you—6,400
of you—I
feel the anointing so strong on me, especially
on
my
spiritual eyes.
Now
I see two different paths.
I want you to pray with me for
Erica,
Charlie's widow.
I want to lift this young woman up.
I
see a
storm—a
very serious one.
She's already been through
a major storm,
but that was just
the beginning of the eye of the
hurricane.
We pray a hedge of protection around
her.
Every false accuser
and
lying tongue
that would come against her, I
thank you that only truth will
prevail.
Every false witness and lying spirit
is bound in
Jesus'name.
You're the lifter of the heart
and
the countenance.
Sometimes
we walk through the valley of the shadow
of death, but we fear no evil;
your
rod and
staff comfort us.
Do
not
cast down your confidence
when the waves and storms of
life
come
against
you. Look to the hills from which our help comes;
our help
comes from
the Lord
who made heaven and earth. But he dwells
on the inside of you now,
so we look inward
to the Holy Spirit and say, 'Father,
you're the lifter of my head
and
my countenance.'We cast not down
our
confidence;
we don't give up or be weary
in
well-doing.
Verily,
verily,
all hidden things be
revealed—an
uncovering—for
there
is much more here than what you
see.
I
see
the rabbit hole.
Conspiracies
are not so much a conspiracy;
it's
not
what
it
seems.
I see the Alice in Wonderland rabbit standing at the
rabbit hole. He's late. I see a black hat.
Now I see Candace
Owens'face.
What does she see?
She's
standing
in front of a computer, looking
at
an email.
We pray for her protection.
She's
getting too close to something
in
the rabbit hole.
Her eyes are
wide,
like
Puss
in
Boots
when
his
eyes
get
really big
as
he's
looking
at
something.
I see her looking at
the computer,
and even Alex Jones'face comes up.
Alex Jones knows, but he won't
touch it;
he
has
other things to focus on. I
see his face. He turned it.
Alex
Jones,
and
he could see the computer screen.
He
was looking at it, but he didn't
have
the eyes for it.
I could see him turn, but
he's more focused on the country
and
what is coming to the nation. She's on a
mission for something else.
I don't know why I'm going, "Lord, why
did
you call me to do this tonight?"but I do
it.
Heavy hearts. You will say heavy hearts.
The Lord said heavy
hearts,
for the rabbit hole is
not such a rabbit hole.
We pray over her today. We thank you,
Lord, that she'll have a radical
visitation and she'll become
a
bigger mouthpiece
for you.
It won't be about fame and it won't
be about fortune, but she'll have a
radical visitation with you. She'll
find the true call of what you've called
her to do.
Candace
Owens,
you'll find your true call for what
God has called you to do
on a greater level. The platform is just
for the people to bring it,
but God's going to use something more
if you will just yield it to him.
He said you will soar
if you will just yield to him;
there's more that
he has for you behind another door.
There
is
greater
influence. You've hit a plateau for what
he's wanting to do to take you to the
next level.
This door is
a big door,
and
there
are
carvings all on the front
of it. This
has to do with him.
What you've achieved so far
has had a hand, but what he wants to
take you to do is on another level
concerning this young girl. I don't
know much about her,
but
I've seen her.
Great influence. The Lord wants to do
even on a greater level. I delivered the
word,
and it's out of my thought. It
flowed the way he said it; it was
beautiful.
He wants to do something so much more,
to release it
all for his glory. He's
bringing you to a new
door.
Politics.
Being
like the Cortez girl, she's
sold for the radical left.
She'll be a radical right
even at a greater capacity with her
mouth.
But there are things that have turned.
God wants to take her from there to
there, but she has to surrender to him.
He said, "Surrender to me all that you
have, and I'll take you to the next
level."He's
had his hand
on you, but he wants to take you to the
next level. I see this next level as
a greater level with you. You think the
influence you've had so far is
nothing compared to what God wants to do
with you if you yield to him and call
out to him. Yield your heart to him.
Sell out to Jesus;
lose the
pride.
He has great voices that he wants to
use, like
Alex Jones. Very interesting.
I see Alex, but
Tucker is so far out there. Alex is
closer.
You see levels of
where they are with the Lord.
Tucker's out there;
Alex is just right
there. Become like a John the Baptist. There
are
just some rough edges,
some things that he questions because
he's been hurt,
but God's going to use him. He'll
spare his life to use him
for all for the glory. We pray for
Alex, his
marriage, and his family
for
divine protection on them so they'll
become a louder mouthpiece
for him in these last days. Same with
Candace..
Do
you feel that anointing?
When he visits like that, I love it. Oh
Father, we give you the glory. What a
friend we have in Jesus.
It goes back to her childhood.
Deep roots. Grandma's praying.
Deep roots will give great fruits.
But it's something so big with politics,
something so much more. I'm talking
influence
for this young woman.
Diana,
how old is she? I'm calling her a
young woman.
I see 36.
Well, then she's younger than us. So
she's young.
But whatever this is, you've not done
anything compared to what God is about
to do with you if you just yield to him.
Sell out to Jesus, Candace. He
has something so big for you. I see it.
Something so beautiful.
Will you yield to the Father?
Will you sell out
to him?
I surrender all.
So we all pray for her, that
she has a radical visitation for what I
just saw.
She's related to the storm.
Big rabbit
hole. The Lord says, "That's not so much
a conspiracy at
all."That's
what the Spirit of the Lord says.
You
have just a little bit longer with me.
We
must pray for Venezuela.
An escalation of war is at the shore.
Father, I thank you that the
people of Venezuela will not be under
a
dictator for much longer. I
thank you for a Christian
government and for a revival that
spreads
all over Venezuela.
We call for the finances.
Keep our hand out of that.
It's a game of chess.
How do you stay
the
reserve
currency of the world? Strategic allies
to Russia with the BRICS.
BRICS
get stronger.
What backs
BRICS?
Venezuela has oil
and
agriculture.
All I keep seeing
are
big
derricks;
massive oil
money is what I keep seeing right
now. They're like the
ones in the Gulf of
Mexico,
the
big oil rigs.
This has to do with the
BRICS.
A destabilization of the dollar is what
they plan to do, along
with CBDC.
It's
not just about drugs;
it's not just about trafficking.
It's the same thing with little Kim,
the
crazy "Rocket Man".
It's surrounding
strategic allies concerning
the BRICS with China,
Russia,
North Korea, Iran, Venezuela, and Cuba.
We
thank you for the United
States of America, that we have this
reprieve
and
our finances
will flourish
like ripe cherries on a tree.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the
blessing of the Lord is on this nation.
That you anoint President Trump to get
the job done. Father, to bring forth the
wealth of the sinner, laid up
for the righteous, for the last
outpouring of finances, that you anoint
him and protect him. We cover
President Trump and pray that he will finish
his job, to live long and finish strong.
And that, Father, he's protected.
He is protected with what he
eats and what he drinks during this holiday
season. When he goes to foreign lands,
when they try to give him something to
drink or eat there, Father,
may
his people be watchful over
where they're getting it. Maybe just
drink bottled water.
It's probably wise. Just drink
a good bottled water every time. Take a
case of water with you. I
would just say, 'You know what?
I'm just drinking my water. I'm
not
drinking what you have in your
glasses. We aren't going to drink anything
from you. I don't care if it's coffee
or not; I'm drinking my
water today.'We're good.
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that he is protected
everywhere he goes—when he's playing
golf, when he's relaxing with his
grandkids or his family. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that he has refreshing,
that everything he does is blessed
for the nation, and that you
bless Eric and Don Jr. with
their
business adventures. I saw their
wealth doubling and then tripling for
the Trump Organization. Father, for
everything the devil had stolen, you'll
restore it back. Now, if you're
watching, wouldn't that be an
opportunity to learn something?
We pray for you. It was going to
double and triple,
but wouldn't it be an opportunity for
the body of Christ to learn something?
Educate yourself.
Watch.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we're
not ignorant.
Father, you said, 'My people perish for
a lack of knowledge.'May
we
be smart in these end
times and have our eyes open,
and we would see where the blessings are
and
take advantage of what you
have for us, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that we lack no good
thing.
Glory to God. Glory to God.
Thank you, Father, for the blessing of
this channel and for every person who's
represented here tonight praying with
us. I don't know how many people are left.
How many are here?
64.
Thank you for joining us tonight. I feel
a release. I pray over Venezuela,
as
there were things there.
The main thing was to pray over
that.
We can feel it really strong
concerning that, praying for
Candace. I don't even know if she
watches me ever, but
maybe somebody could get that to
her. It would bless her. I don't know.
She might think it's flaky. I don't even
know if she's a Christian. I really
don't. She might think, 'That guy is way out
of here.'But it doesn't matter. It's what
the Lord said.
Whether
she receives it or she
doesn't,
it's still what He said
and what He has for her.
He desires for her and Erica and the
storm that I see coming for Erica.
There's a storm
and we pray for her. We pray for these
people,
that God has His hand on
them.
Thank you for the protection over my
family and for us. Thank you, Lord, for
your hand on our household.
For you are good and your mercy endures
forever.
We're so grateful for every voice piece
you have in these last days, that we rise
up and we are not weak, but we have a
backbone like a crowbar and we stand for
what's good. We stand for what's right
in
the face of adversity. We keep
standing and we say, 'Well, we're not
moved by
it.'And
that's what we are with everybody on
this channel. And that you become real
to them, Father,
in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. Well,
if you're new here and you've
never experienced a relationship
with Jesus, if you've never asked Him
into your heart, if Jesus Christ is not
your Lord and Savior, it's time.
If you're here right now and you're
watching this video and you're saying,
'Brandon, I know a lot about Him, but
He doesn't know me,'that's what you
have to ask yourself.
Does He know me?
You
may know Him a little bit, but
you
heard about Him when you were in Sunday
school as a kid. But
tonight's your night. It's not just a
coincidence that you're watching this video.
You were here because you were drawn
here. The Bible
says that no man comes to the Father
unless he's drawn by Him. And I believe
with all my heart that tonight you're
here for such a time as this. The very
shoes you put on today to go to work,
the undertaker might be taking them off.
You're not promised tomorrow.
None of us
are. So you're here and today is the
day of salvation. There's a heaven to
gain and a hell to shun.
My friend Jesus,
it's appointed unto man once to die and
after that, the judgment. But
I'm asking you tonight, if this was the
last moment on earth,
where would you spend eternity? You have
to ask yourself, 'Does Jesus know me?
Is my name written in the Lamb's Book of
Life?'You
say, 'I don't know,'but tonight's
your night. You can know. All you have
to do is repeat this simple prayer with
me and mean it with your whole heart.
The Bible says, 'With the heart confession
is
made unto
salvation.'And
all you have to do is say it with
your whole heart.
And Jesus is an ever-present help in a
time of need. He's always there with His
arms wide open, welcoming you home. He's
knocking on the door of your heart and
He's saying, 'Come home tonight.
Don't go down this road anymore living
without Him.
Tonight's your night to come
home.'As
I say this prayer, I want you to be
bold in your decision for
Him and say, 'Tonight, I want to be
saved.'Say
in the comment section right
now: 'Tonight's my night. I need Jesus.
Tonight's my night. I want to be saved.
Tonight's my night. I'm coming home.
I've been wayward. I've been living
crazy. I don't want to live this way
anymore. Tonight's my night. I'm coming
back to Jesus.
I can't do this anymore. I need
Jesus.'Just
like the prodigal son that came to
himself in the pigpen and he ran back
to the Lord. He ran back to his father,
and the father was ready to kill the
fatted calf. The father was ready with
his robe and he said, 'Son, I'm so glad
you've
come home.'He was not mad. He didn't say, 'Well,
you just go out here and work in my
fields, you ungrateful little
brat.'He
said, 'No, let's kill the fatted calf.
Let's have a celebration. My son is
home. My daughter's home.'Tonight's your
night. Tonight's the night of salvation.
Tonight's your night to make a fresh,
clean start. Don't squander this
opportunity.
Don't give it up and say, 'Oh, maybe
later on.'You never know.
I want you to be real with Jesus. When
you get real with God, God will become
real with you.
So I'm going to say this prayer and I
want you to say it
with your whole
heart. Say: 'Jesus,
I believe you're the son of God. I
believe that you died for me and
you rose again on the third day. I ask
you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me. Make me clean.
I turn my back on the world, Lord. I
turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on my sin. And from this day
forward, Lord, I serve you.
I ask you, God, to help me with what
I've been messing around with.
Help me. I can't do this on my own. From
this day forward, Lord, I dedicate
my life to you.
I dedicate my whole life to you, that I
will serve you with all my heart.
Help me.
For you said, all have sinned and come
short of the glory.'But tonight, Lord,
I confess my sins.
You said you're faithful and just to
forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of
all unrighteousness.
I thank you that you write my name in
the Lamb's book of life.
I thank you, Lord, that you do it right
now, that you've done it for me.
I serve you, Lord,
in Jesus'name. I commit my heart to you.
Amen.
That's it. I believe with the heart confession
is
made unto salvation, just
like the Bible says. And if you just
said that prayer, I believe you're a
born-again
Christian.
Welcome to the family. We
rejoice in your decision tonight. We
rejoice with you. And if you were wayward
and
you just come back to
the Lord and you're sold out,
saying,
'I sell out to Jesus
tonight,'we're
excited for your decision.
Now, what do you do? I would go to a
non-denominational church. That's where
Diana
and I would go. We'd get plugged
in there, tell that pastor, 'I just got
born again watching a YouTube
video,'and
tell them, 'I need to be water
baptized.'Get
radically on fire for the Lord by
keeping your fire lit and fanning
the
flame, and just keep
yourself stirred up. I'm telling
you, the best is yet to come. Jesus is
coming and you just
made it right in the nick of
time. I'm telling you, things are about
to get really crazy, but you just made
the best decision you could have ever
made. Now, what should you do? You need
to find a Bible and you need to read
your Bible every day, and you need to
pray. Seek him daily. Come over here and
pray with us. Come to these live
streams. Be a part of our YouTube
broadcast, pray with us, and
read your Bible. Now, you may not
have a Bible, so I want to buy you your
first Bible
for free just to celebrate your decision
tonight. If you can't afford a Bible
and
you want
one,
Diana and I would love to buy you
your first Bible.
If you would just go down
into the description, you will find our
email address. If you put in the
subject line of the email,
'I need a Bible', and then put your
name and address, we will send one to
you.
All of heaven is rejoicing,
and we rejoice with you. It's a great
day—the
best day of your life
to accept Jesus Christ. It
is the
best decision. A
total of
54 people gave their heart to
Jesus Christ tonight, and we're excited
that you're here,
all 54. Isn't that wonderful,
Diana?
That's wonderful. Fifty-four is a lot.
A lot of people gave their heart to
Jesus—60-some
last night,
54 tonight. Welcome to the family.
That was a good broadcast, wasn't it?
I'm excited we're here. If you could do
us a
favor—we
never ask you for anything, but there's
one thing we do ask of you. Like,
comment down below, click the
notification bell, and do everything you can
to help us get the gospel out.
It's one soul at a time, 54 at a time.
All glory to Jesus. And I believe we're
all believing for a
one-million-man-and-woman
prayer army that we can touch the
nations for the Lord. We believe
that we're on our way.
We need less than 20,000 to get to
600,000, and man, that is so
cool to be able to say. We
are
so close.
Many hands
make light work. It's what the Lord said
to believe for
after that. I don't know what he wants
me to do, but he said, 'Believe me for a
million-man-and-woman
prayer army and
pray for the nations.'Through your
prayers, we will change things.
We have
582,058
people that have joined the prayer
army.
I pray that everybody who has joined would show up
and pray,
but we'll get there, for many hands make
light work. And we pray for people like
Candace because we know that God has
much more in store for this woman.
I believe it now even more so. I wasn't
really sure about all that, but I tell
you what I saw tonight in the vision:
God has a big door for her, and
he's going to do something amazing for
her if she will yield. He said, 'Get
rid of pride. Just yield and fall for
him. Just sell out.
There's something so big that he wants
to
do.'I
believe
that the best is yet to come
for a lot of people. It was for
politics, something huge. I don't even
know if it's a Senate race or a Congress
seat, but something big.
I'm venturing to say that it's
something like a Senate
seat—something
huge
with politics.
And it will be a
massive step for a lot more;
it
won't be just YouTube.
It will be something huge.
All glory to Jesus.
Isn't it amazing?
We love you all. Do you have any
questions?
5,500
people are still here. Flamin'Hot
Cheetos—I
always see that
name.
You are a dedicated prayer.
We're thankful for every one of
you.
They make me hungry.
You're doing it for Jesus.
Do they have any questions?
Nothing?
I know it was kind of a different prayer
session tonight, but that's where the
Lord wanted to go.
Well, God bless you all. We'll be back
again tomorrow to pray with
you
and see where the Holy Spirit
takes us down the Holy Ghost River.
I say we go tubing. You never know where
the river is going.
It's fun.
You just
get in that little tube and
let the river take you. You're
praying out there, you've got your soda
in your hand, you're enjoying
the sun, and
he just leads us.
The river takes you.
Adventure with Jesus.
Where is the river going to flow? It's
where the Holy Ghost goes. Let us go
where the Holy Ghost goes. He's the
river. It's like being out there in my
big tube.
It's a visual, but
that's the way I see it because you
never know where it's going. You just
ask,
'Where are you going
today, Lord?'and I just keep going with you.
It's just being with Jesus.
I'll go wherever
he
is. As long
as he's there, count me in.
I want to be where the Lord
is.
Isn't that going to be wonderful to be
able to say that for eternity?
Nothing else matters. All the other
stuff—who
cares?
All I want is Jesus.
Whatever the world has is nothing
compared to him. One moment with
him,
one fresh touch from Jesus is
all you'll need.
You'll be hooked.
One experience, one
fresh 'I love you'is all you
need. Nothing else matters.
He's wonderful.
It's that touch,
and you're hooked like me. You say
bold stuff on the internet because he
tells you to do it. I say all to the
glory of Jesus every time.
If they try
to do something, all to the glory of
Jesus.
My life
and
my wife's life are in his hands.
We give all glory to Jesus,
in this life and in the next,
all to his glory.
Saying all that to say this, we pray
this video blessed you today and we'll
see you again tomorrow. Remember, put a
smile on your face and a song in
your heart.
We love you, Jesus loves you,
and we'll see you again tomorrow.
Bye-bye.